tough-minded Group defense played
extremely well nice job getting out of
drives you know physical taking care of
their business is probably questions
Gary Joel in the first half and he was 6
for 14 44 yards and threw that pick but
start the second half look like Andy put
the ball in his hands and look he's
surprised with it and you surprised
about how he responded on that drive it
was good to see Joel you know be able to
get that done I know I wouldn't say I
was surprised you know you make
adjustments at halftime and you try to
take advantage of it it was tough
sledding in the run game
it was there was 10 guys stacked in
there and those safeties will come down
hill and they'll smack you their
physical tough-minded football players
for Minnesota and they were covering you
know fairly well so we knew we had to
try to mix up a little bit before the
play-action pass and get a little bit of
try to create a little bit of softness
in that defense if we could so I'm not
surprised you know Joel bounces back and
seemed to bounce back fairly well when
he's made a mistake here you look pretty
upset at the end what were you most
upset about with this cup at the end
find the gold place well you know I I
mean that's the first time I've been
around that so if I mean out in the
worth of the whole situation when I get
that tell it was late and we're trying
to move the kids around and I just don't
think you know myself we turn around we
deserve to get pushed out of the way I
don't think that's right the kids in my
opinion we're not out of control you
know do we want to get in those
situations no we don't want to get in
those situations but you know if you're
you're supposed to carry yourself like
an adult in those scenarios and only so
many pointing a finger in my face when
supposedly it's their job to take
advantage of
to protect the kids and be the security
for the stadium I suppose so yeah makes
me mad
sorry who was pointing a finger in your
face officer